## 1. Legal/Privacy Policy
As the world’s leading cryptocurrency custodian serving tens of millions of customers, protecting the security and privacy of our users is our top priority. Privacy is of utmost importance at Blockchain. We recognize the significance of protecting information which is stored on our servers or network or is intended to be stored on our servers or network and which relates to an individual. The data we protect are the “Personal Data” which is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, sometimes called a data subject, and have made protecting the privacy and the confidentiality of Personal Data a fundamental component of the way we do business. This Privacy Policy informs you of the ways we work to ensure privacy and the confidentiality of Personal Data and describes the information we gather, how we use those Personal Data and the circumstances under which we disclose such information to third-parties.
This Privacy Policy is designed to address regulatory requirements of the jurisdictions in which Blockchain Quantum Reactor offers its Services, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), as enacted by the European Commission. In this Privacy Policy, the term “Service” and “Services” has the same meaning as described in the User Agreement, but excludes API services, which are governed by a separate agreement. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, in general, or any part of it, you should not use the Services. This Privacy Policy is periodically reviewed to ensure that any new obligations and changes to our business model are taken into consideration. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an amended version on our website.
## 2. Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
By creating Quantum Reactor wallet, you acknowledge that:
(1) any use of Quantum Reactor is subject to these Terms of Service;
(2) you have carefully read, understand and agree with these Terms of Service;
(3) you are of legal age and you are able to form legally binding contracts.

Please note that there are legal requirements in various countries which may restrict the products and services that Quantum Reactor Operators can lawfully provide. Accordingly, some products and services and certain functionality within the Quantum Reactor Platform may not be available or may be restricted in certain jurisdictions or regions or to certain users. You shall be responsible for informing yourself about and observing any restrictions and/or requirements imposed with respect to the access to and use of the Quantum Reactor and the Quantum Reactor in each country from which the Quantum Reactor and the Quantum Reactor Services are accessed by you or on your behalf. Quantum Reactor Operators reserve the right to change, modify or impose additional restrictions with respect to the access to and use of the Quantum Reactor Platform and/the Quantum Reactor Services from time to time at their discretion at any time without prior notification. If you don’t agree with the Terms of Service (“Terms”), you cannot use Blockchain Quantum Reactor. Blockhain Quantum Reactor reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time and at our sole discretion. Any changes we make to our Privacy Notice in the future will be posted on our website and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Notice.

2.1. Parties
This agreement is between you (‘You’ or ‘Your’) and Blockchain Quantum Reactor. Blockchain Quantum Reactor is a Digital Asset Custodian that guarantees security, and provides enhanced transparency between transactions. Quantum Reactor houses the digital assets of crypto users and investors globally and reserves the right to refund same to victims in an event of fraud or unfair trade practices.
Blockchain Quantum Reactor has created means for users to access and transfer ownership of virtual currency tokens (‘Cryptocurrency’), such as Bitcoins. By entering into this agreement you will receive a license to use any of the Blockchain Quantum Reactor Applications. You should only use the Blockchain Quantum Reactor Application if you are familiar with cryptocurrencies. We highly recommend learning the basics of the specific cryptocurrency that you plan on using the Blockchain Quantum Reactor for, before running the application.

2.2. Your Own Passkeys
Blockchain Quantum Reactor does not store your private keys, backup phrases or passwords (“Private Information”) on its servers. It is very important that You backup and save your Private Information. We urge you to write down your password and store it offline in two different places. Blockchain Quantum Reactor does not have access to your wallet, your funds, your transactions or any other information.

2.3. Transactions
The only authentic record of Virtual Currency transactions is the applicable Virtual Currency’s blockchain. The Blockchain Quantum Reactor Applications provide functionality that allows You to send Virtual Currency transfer instructions. You must ensure that Your transactions conform to the applicable rules of the Virtual Currency software. There may be transaction fees (e.g. mining fees) associated with your Virtual Currency transactions that are required by the virtual currency system you engage with. Quantum Reactor shall not be responsible for any losses you incur due to transaction fees or losses that occur due to incorrectly set transaction fees (i.e. too low or high).

2.4. Percentage on Recovered Funds
All funds recovered shall be billed at 13 percent and shall be paid in occasions where the applicant’s funds did not undergo mining. Where the funds go through mining, that is where we act extra-fund-territorial, this shall be commission based.

2.5. In-wallet exchange operations.
By using the escrow and exchange features within the wallet provided by Blockchain, You agree with the Terms of Use of the respective third-party partner. Please refer to and respect the relevant third party licenses. Although the Blockchain Quatum Reactor make it easy to engage with the integrated third parties, Blockchain Quantum Reactor shall not be responsible for any consequences stemming from Your use of third-party integrated services. If You need assistance with a third-party integration then You should contact the third-party along with contacting our support. Third Party in this context shall mean exchanges where the applicant purchased the cryptocurrency or the credit or debit card issuer.
The estimated amount which is presented to You in the Wallet prior making an exchange is not final. It can differ from the final amount due to market fluctuations.

## 3. License Grant. 
By submitting Private Content through the Services, you hereby do and shall grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, truncate, aggregate, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such Private Content solely for the purpose of providing the Services and to create, use, distribute, commercialize and fully exploit anonymized aggregate data analyses and compilations from users’ use of and interaction with Private Content on the Services. By submitting User Content through the Services that is publicly available, you hereby do and shall grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, truncate, aggregate, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, commercialize and otherwise fully exploit such User Content in connection with the Site, the Services and our (and our successors' and assigns') businesses, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Site or the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds), and including after the termination of your Account or the Services. You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Site and/or the Services a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access your User Content available to the such user through the Site and/or the Services, including after the termination of your Account or the Services. For clarity, the foregoing license grants to us and our users do not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, unless otherwise agreed in writing. You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third-party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.


## 4. Your Obligations
You shall: be of the age of majority in Your local jurisdiction; and, be responsible for Your own Virtual Currency; and, backup/write down Your Private Key and password and keep it private and, ensure that Your device(s) are fully updated and do not contain viruses, malware or otherwise malicious software.
You shall not: violate any laws when using Blockchain Quantum Reactor Applications; or, circumvent or attempt to circumvent the security measures used to protect other accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to the Quantum Reactor servers and Mobile Light Wallet Applications; or, deposit Virtual Currency into addresses for tokens and/or coins that are not supported by the Blockchain Applications; or, use Blockchain Quantum Reactor in a manner likely to infer with other Quantum Reactor users or virtual currency nodes (e.g. excessive API calls or network spam);
## 5. Limited Intellectual Property License
This agreement licenses Blockchain Quantum Reactor services to you on a personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable, worldwide-basis, for the purpose of managing virtual currencies. You are not permitted to redistribute any of our Services, modify any code or use any Quantum Reactor content, including images and text, as part of any other software or project of any kind.
## 6. Specifically Disclaimed Risks
Using Virtual Currency software necessarily entails many risks. Blockchain Quantum Reactor specifically disclaims and shall have no liability to you for the following risks: operating system failures (mobile or desktop); and, interactions between your hardware, software, and the Quatum Reactor Wallet; and, cloud backup software (e.g. certain Android distributions) may upload your private information to third party services; and, malware, viruses or other malicious software on your device that is able to take control of or interfere with Blockchain Quantum Reactor; and, communication delays between your Blockchain Quantum Reactor and a node or relay service for a virtual currency (and vice versa); and, failure to achieve a certain market value/price for a virtual currency token, whether through a third-party service or any other kind of transaction; and, theft of virtual currency tokens.
## 7. Warranty
Blockchain Quantum Reactor is provided to you at no cost, “as-is” and without any warranty whatsoever, to the maximum extent permissible by law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Blockchain warrants that the Quantum Reactor is fit for your purpose. Blockchain Quantum Reactor undertakes to indemnify users for any loss that occurred in the course using its platform.
## 8. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify Blockchain Quantum Reactor against any claims, damages, losses or legal fees incurred due to Your use (or misuse) of Quantum Reactor. This could be as a result of false mining claims, stolen coins, and presentation of fake court orders.


## 9. Non-Waiver
No action or inaction on the part of Blockchain Quantum Reactor shall be considered a waiver of any right or obligation by Blockchain Quantum Reactor.


## 10. Amendment
This agreement may be amended by Blockchain Quantum Reactor by providing you with 30 days’ notice of any proposed change. If you do not agree to the amended terms then your sole remedy shall be to write to Blockchain Quantum Reactor about your counter to the amendment.


## 11. Assignment
You may not assign this agreement. This can only be assigned to a trust corporation appointed by the applicant with the approval of the regulatory authority where the applicant is resident.


## 12. Entire Agreement
This is the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any other agreement, representations (or misrepresentations), or understanding, however, communicated.


## 13. Prohibition of Use
By accessing and using Blockchain Quantum Reactor services, you represent and warrant that you have not been included in any trade embargoes or economic sanctions list (such as the United Nations Security Council sanctions list), the list of specially designated nationals maintained by OFAC (the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. department of the treasury), or the denied persons or entity list of the U.S. department of commerce. Blockchain Quantum Reactor reserves the right to choose markets and jurisdictions to conduct business, and may restrict or refuse, in its discretion, the provision of Quantum Reactor services in certain countries or regions.
